README.md, before:

# My Big Sister: Remastered Translations
**For those who wish to translate MBSR in other languages other than the ones provided at launch!**

As you may know, **My Big Sister: Remastered** has very few translations as they are quite expensive for a heavy text based game and I can't afford to translate it into any other languages at this time, I deeply apologize to any of those who were missed! 

However, I'm opening up these files so that the community can add their own translations or edit existing translations for **MBSR**, if they wish.

# INSTRUCTIONS

1. Download the `English.trs` (or whichever language you wish to update) file to your pc.

2. Open [this](https://tzachshabtay.github.io/ags-trs-editor/) page in any web browser.
    * Click the little upload cloud symbol in the top left and select the `<Language>.trs` file.

3. Go nuts, lol! Click on any line and retype the line out to add your translation.

4. To update the file you'll need to click the save cloud icon, it will download a new version of the script file to your downloads folder (It's a pain, but it's mainly for back-ups in case something goes wrong). 
  
   Note: **If you close your browser it will _reset_ the page and you will need to re-import the trs file**. Use _the one you downloaded_ to continue where you left off.

   Alternatively, you can open it as a text document and work on it there, just be sure not to change **_ANY_** of the text on the above lines and **_only_** the empty spaces beneath. 
   
   **Example**: 
   ```
   Today is bright and sunny. <- Do not change the original text as it will result in a game crash or corrupt file. 
   o dia está claro e ensolarado <- Add translations here (Pardon the cheap translation) 
   ```

5. Once you are done there - please submit a new **Pull Request** naming it like that: `[Your_Language_Code] Update/Add Translation` (e.g. `[UA] Add Translation`)! 

   After doing that - please do try to find fluent language speaker who is not you, to check your translation! (But if you can't do that - let us know by adding that to your PR description!) 

   When you submitted new PR (and got fluent speaker who approved your translation, if you managed to find one) - hit us on our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/g4xJbGh4r4) or in DMs (Stranga#4616 / MegaMix_Craft#1151) and we'll merge your PR, as well as add your translations to the game :)

Commit message:

`Update README so it fits new "store" folder as well`

README.md, after:

# My Big Sister: Remastered Translations
**For those who wish to translate MBSR in other languages other than the ones provided at launch!**

As you may know, **My Big Sister: Remastered** has very few translations as they are quite expensive for a heavy text based game and I can't afford to translate it into any other languages at this time, I deeply apologize to any of those who were missed! 

However, I'm opening up these files so that the community can add their own translations or edit existing translations for **MBSR**, if they wish.

# INSTRUCTIONS

1. Download the `English.trs`/`English.txt` (or whichever language you wish to update) file to your pc.

2. Open [this](https://tzachshabtay.github.io/ags-trs-editor/) page in any web browser.
    * Click the little upload cloud symbol in the top left and select the `<Language>.trs` file.
    
    Or use any text editor you want if you are going to translate Steam Store page :>

3. Go nuts, lol! Click on any line and retype the line out to add your translation.

4. To update the file you'll need to click the save cloud icon, it will download a new version of the script file to your downloads folder (It's a pain, but it's mainly for back-ups in case something goes wrong). 
  
   Note: **If you close your browser it will _reset_ the page and you will need to re-import the trs file**. Use _the one you downloaded_ to continue where you left off.

   Alternatively, you can open it as a text document and work on it there, just be sure not to change **_ANY_** of the text on the above lines and **_only_** the empty spaces beneath. 
   
   **Example**: 
   ```
   Today is bright and sunny. <- Do not change the original text as it will result in a game crash or corrupt file. 
   o dia está claro e ensolarado <- Add translations here (Pardon the cheap translation) 
   ```

5. Once you are done there - please submit a new **Pull Request** naming it like that: `[Your_Language_Code] Update/Add Game/Store Translation` (e.g. `[UA] Add Game Translation`)! 

   After doing that - please do try to find fluent language speaker who is not you, to check your translation! (But if you can't do that - let us know by adding that to your PR description!) 

   When you submitted new PR (and got fluent speaker who approved your translation, if you managed to find one) - hit us on our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/g4xJbGh4r4) or in DMs (Stranga#4616 / MegaMix_Craft#1151) and we'll merge your PR, as well as add your translations to the game :)
